---
layout: post
title:  "Data Modeling"
date:   2021-10-12
categories: update info
author: Campbell Cooke
---

I struggled with this lab much more than I've struggled with any of the labs in the past. This lab unfortunately consisted of mostly trying to
do something that I didn't understand in a coding language that I didn't understand. The tutorial was very useful, but parts of this project
still felt like a slog as I frequently experienced errors even trying to follow the tutorial as closely as possible. The biggest struggle I
had was understanding how to get the database to update and receive data from the seed data file.

I managed to get through the tutorial and make the movies page with not too much fighting though. The real problems occurred when trying to make
my own in step 2. I'm still not exactly sure what happened, but something with the auto generation of the files didn't work properly, and I spent
almost 2 hours trying to figure out what went wrong and how I could fix it before just deciding to entirely restart which I think did end up saving
me time overall.

Here's a link to my [Github Project][github] that is a database for keeping track of challenge bombs in the game Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes

Razor seems relatively similar to the way that Jekyll worked where it attempts to do most of the work for you and simplify most of the coding into
simple text, but also at the same time Razor is much harder to use and more complicated. I think I managed to get my Razor knowledge to a decent level,
so I would be at least semi-confident in making another Razor application.



[github]: https://github.com/cookec98/csci340lab7
